Clarify rules around Add proposals. (#705)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

  received, or the most recent Update if there are no Removes.

* It contains multiple Add proposals that contain KeyPackages that represent the same
  client according to the application (for example, identical signature keys).

* It contains an Add proposal with a KeyPackage that represents a client already

>   in the group according to the application, which isn't being removed by
>   another proposal in the same Commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in the group according to the application, unless there is a Remove proposal
  in the list removing the matching client from the group.
```

Clarifies what it means for a client to be "removed by another proposal", and keeps it scoped to the proposal list.
